DAN: It's been over a year since we defeated Gundalia
in the battle for Neathia and the Sacred Orb.
Once we returned to Earth and rebuilt
a mega Bakugan Interspace the number of people accessing it
from around the world totally exploded!
Of course Drago and I are back in action,
along with our pals Marucho and his new partner Tristar;
and Shun who's rockin' the Battle Arena with Taylean.
The flood of new Battlers means we're up against
some crazy serious competition now!
This is Bakugan battling like you've never seen before...
...but we're in it to win it!
\u266a What are ya gonna do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you, \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall, You gotta give it your all, \u266a
\u266a -a-a-a-a-a This is the final stand, \u266a
\u266a -a-a-a-a-a The powers in your hand! \u266a
\u266a Two worlds collide, On the inside, \u266a
\u266a You got to fight for what's right, \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone...\u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
DAN: Check it, dude!
DAN: Boy this place is a sight for sore eyes.
I never thought I'd see New Vestroia again.
How's it feel to be home, buddy?
DRAGO: Good, but kind of strange.
Like a dream.
[many feet stomping]
[bird cry]
1st YOUNG BAKUGAN: Whoa!
What's that funny looking thing?
2nd YOUNG BAKUGAN: I think it might be a human.
1st YOUNG BAKUGAN: I've heard about them
but I've never actually seen one
in the flesh, before.
2nd YOUNG BAKUGAN: Me neither.
DAN: How can they not know who we are?
We rescued half the Bakugan here.
DRAGO: Out of sight out of mind, I suppose.
DAN: I didn't expect a red carpet but I thought maybe
some of our friends would be happy to see us.
DRAGO: It's probably for the best.
We're not here on a social call after all.
I'd rather not be the center of attention,
while we do our training.
DAN: Okay. I hear ya.
DAN: I guess we should head for
the secret training ground then.
DRAGO: Let's go!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in: Return to New Vestroia.
DRAGO: There it is.
DAN: Sweet.
DRAGO: I used to come here when I needed peace and quiet.
No one else knows it's here.
DRAGO: Huh?
DAN: So much for being your little secret.
AMAZON: Yeeaah!
AMAZON: Haaaah!
Huuuuuah!
AMAZON: Hmmmph!
DAN: Who the heck is that dude?
I've never seen him before.
DRAGO: I have no idea.
DRAGO: It seems that quite a lot has changed
since we were here last.
AMAZON: [mighty roar]
AMAZON: Aaaaaaaaaa...
... mmaaaa ... zzzzzooon!
AMAZON: Aquos Bomber!
Haaaaaaah!
DRAGO: The kid has some power.
Too bad we can't stick around.
DAN: Yeah, bummer.
AMAZON: Hey! Where are you going, old man?
DRAGO: Old man?
Are you serious?
AMAZON: I don't see any other senior citizens
shuffling around, do you?
Why are you sneaking around like that, huh?
AMAZON: Did my awesome display of power freak you out?
AMAZON: Don't just stand there.
I'm talking to you!
Don't make me give you a thrashing, old man.
Answer. Answer. Answer.
Huh?
AMAZON: Hey, did you know you've got an insect
or something on your shoulder?
AMAZON: Oh, never-mind it's just a human kid.
DAN: Who you calling \"kid\"?
AMAZON: So gramps, is this twerp your battler?
I've heard of partnerships like that but I've never seen
how they work up close.
DRAGO: Do you actually hear the words coming out of your mouth?
AMAZON: My sensei told me once
about his human battling partner.
It sounded so cool the way you old guys used to brawl.
I wish I could have been there back in the day.
[giggle]
DRAGO: Listen! Quit calling me old!
AMAZON: Hey! Hey! Hey!
I've got an idea.
Why don't we battle?
You two against me.
I promise to take it easy on you first time around.
DRAGO: I've heard enough.
Let's go, Dan.
DAN: I'm with ya, pal.
AMAZON: Awww c'mon dudes.
Where you goin'?
All I wanted was a friendly battle.
What's the problem?
Hey what, do you think you're too good for me?
AMAZON: Or is it because you're giant chickens?
DAN: What did you say?
DRAGO: Don't let him wind you up, Dan.
PREYAS: That's right!
Winding these two up is my old job.
PREYAS: What's happening guys?
PREYAS: Did you miss me?
AMAZON: Sensei, you know these guys?
DRAGO: Preyas!
DAN: He's your Sensei?
PREYAS: Amazon, say hi to Dan and Drago.
DRAGO: It's good to see you old friend.
PREYAS: When I heard the others talking about you two,
I thought they were crazy 'cos there's no way
you would show up unannounced.
DRAGO: Hmm right.
Sorry.
DRAGO: It was kind of a last minute thing.
PREYAS: So Dan.
Ah where ... where's Marucho?
Did he come too?
DAN: [gasp] Um no,
he had to stay behind and help Shun.
PREYAS: [laugh] Oh of course!
That sounds just like a Battle Brawler.
Always helping a fellow teammate out.
Nothing can tear you guys apart.
DAN: Yeah that's right.
DAN: Don't try and cover for him, Marucho.
Shun was clear.
SHUN: It's not personal.
MARUCHO: We're your friends no matter what,
but that doesn't mean you can ignore what we're telling you.
PREYAS: Yoo-hoo, Dan!
Dan? You okay?
DAN: [gasp] Yeah, I'm good buddy;
so tell me what's going on
with this Sensei business?
PREYAS: Oh yeah, that's right.
I'm a teacher now.
PREYAS: And of course you've met my student, Amazon.
AMAZON: His number one student.
DRAGO: His only student.
DAN: Ha ha. Yeah.
Yeah, that sounds about right.
PREYAS: I must have told Amazon at least a million stories
about you guys and our Brawling days.
AMAZON: It's totally true.
The way Sensei talked about you two
it was like you were superheroes.
AMAZON: That's why I was so surprised to see
that you were so ... not young.
But now that I know it's really you,
I just can't let you leave without having a battle.
You guys are legends.
I'd be nuts to pass up an opportunity like that.
So how 'bout it?
AMAZON: Come on, Sensei.
Can't you put in a good word
with your buddies for me? Pretty please?
PREYAS: Well, it's not the worst idea I've ever heard.
DAN: Boy, talk about the blind leading the blind.
PREYAS: Amazon kind of has a point and I would consider it
a personal favour if you'd do us the honour.
Okay guys?
DRAGO: Um I don't know...
PREYAS: There's only so much I can teach him on my own.
It would really take his skills to the next level
battling someone like you.
DAN: So, what do ya think?
DRAGO: You're not serious, are you?
DAN: I dunno. What's the harm?
We're out here in the middle of nowhere.
DRAGO: Maybe ... but still.
That last battle was way out of control.
If I lose it like that again, I could put a hole
right through the middle of New Vestroia!
DRAGO: I'm still having a hard time
controlling these new powers,
on top of these dark visions I see while battling.
I'm not sure what's going on Dan.
DAN: Well, I got a new theory about that.
PREYAS: Aww man, what's all the secrecy about?
AMAZON: What d'ya think? Are they gonna do it?
DAN: Every time you've lost control,
it's been inside Bakugan Interspace.
Maybe your powers are just too much for a virtual world.
DRAGO: Hmmm, but now that we're in New Vestroia,
in the real world ...
DAN: Exactly!
Battling here might give us the key
to finally harnessing your new powers.
DRAGO: Well, I guess there's only one way
to find out for sure.
It's time we put your theory to the test.
AMAZON: Hey! C'mon guys,
make a decision already would ya?
The suspense is killing me.
AMAZON: Man, what a couple of Gabby Guses.
How do they do battle when they spend all their time yakking?
PREYAS: Quiet you nincompoop!
DRAGO: And the truth is, Amazon's so new at this ...
I won't need to use anywhere near my full powers to beat him.
DRAGO: That should give us the safety buffer we need.
PREYAS: Hmmmm.
DRAGO: What is it, Preyas?
PREYAS: Oh right!
Sorry to bug you, but I was just wondering
if you guys had made a decision yet.
DAN: For sure.
We talked it through, we'll take your boy on
if you think he's tough enough.
PREYAS: Okay, is everyone ready to rock?
DRAGO: Yes!
DAN: Just say the word.
AMAZON: I was born ready, Sensei!
AMAZON: Yeeeeeeaaaaaaah!
PREYAS: Okay, playas.
Battle on!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
AMAZON: Come get some.
Hiii Ya!
DRAGO: Hmmmph!
Haaaaah!
AMAZON: Whooooa!
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaah!
AMAZON: Aarrrgghh!
DAN: Ability activate.
DAN: Dragon String!
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaah!
Huuaaaaah!
AMAZON: Huh? Whoa! Yikes!
AMAZON: Not bad, gramps.
AMAZON: Haaaaaaah!
AMAZON: Huuuuaaah!
DRAGO: Hmmmph!
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaah!
AMAZON: Aaaaaarrrrggggghhhhh!
PREYAS: [sigh]
RAZENOID: There it is again, I can feel him
with every annoying beat of his heart.
Drago is back.
[mighty roar]
MAG MEL: His aura feels stronger.
He must be battling in the real world.
DAN: No holding back Drago.
MAG MEL: Get ready, Razenoid!
!Soon Drago's power will be ours
AMAZON: Have a sip of this.
Tornado Ocean!
DAN: Ability activate.
DRAGO: Titanium Screen!
DRAGO: Hmmmmph!
DRAGO: It's going to take a lot more than that
to take me down, junior!
DAN: Ability activate.
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar] DAN: Titanium Hummer!
AMAZON: Oh noooo!
DRAGO: Hmmmmph!
AMAZON: [grunt, pain reax]
AMAZON: Oooomph!
AMAZON: [nervous laughter]
DAN: What the heck is he laughing at?
DRAGO: Maybe I knocked his last screw loose.
DAN: Hey man!
What's so funny?
AMAZON: [stifled giggles] Sorry.
It's just that when I get all wound up by a battle
I kind of lose control and start to giggle.
AMAZON: With all the excitement flowing through me
I can't help myself!
DAN: Yeah! Well knock it off.
DRAGO: Yes!
Control is the key in battle.
PREYAS: Amazon may be young and wild,
but Drago shouldn't underestimate the level
of power he yields.
He could be in for a bit of a surprise.
AMAZON: The old man still had some tricks up his sleeve,
but maybe I should show him some of the ones
Sensei has taught me.
AMAZON: Aaaaaaa...
...mmmmmaaaaa...
...zzzzzzooooon...
AMAZON: Attribute change! Subterra!
DRAGO: Huh! Maybe Preyas isn't such a bad teacher.
DAN: We shoulda saw that coming.
AMAZON: Keep your eye on the Amazon!
AMAZON: Desert Rocket!
AMAZON: Now you see me.
Now you don't!
DRAGO: Nice one, kid.
DAN: Be careful, Drago.
DRAGO: Hmmm... Let's see...
AMAZON: Here I am!
DRAGO: [grunt, pain reax]
DRAGO: Lucky shot.
DRAGO: Enough hocus-pocus.
Show yourself!
DRAGO: Huh? Now I've got you.
Haaaaaaah!
AMAZON: Missed me by a mile.
AMAZON: Haaaaaaaaah!
DAN: Crank it up Drago!
DRAGO: Not yet.
DRAGO: I can do this.
AMAZON: Special delivery!
DRAGO: Think again.
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaaaah!
AMAZON: [coughing] Oooomph!
DAN: Nice one.
That's what I'm talkin' about!
AMAZON: [coughing] Cheap shot!
DAN: Nothing cheap about it.
DRAGO: Let's go.
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Dragon Hard Striker!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
AMAZON: Oh snap!
AMAZON: [grunt, exertion reax]
PREYAS: Oh! This doesn't look so good!
AMAZON: [giggle]
AMAZON: Did you run out of juice, old timer?
DRAGO: Seriously?
AMAZON: I thought you were supposed to be
the toughest Bakugan that ever was.
Is that really all you've got?
How pathetic!
PREYAS: Quiet, fool!
AMAZON: Why am I the fool?!
PREYAS: He's taking it easy on you to lure you into his trap.
PREYAS: He's trying to make you overconfident.
AMAZON: What! Are you sure?
AMAZON: If what Sensei says is true then maybe
I never had a chance against Drago.
But what if I changed strategies?
Maybe some smack talk will mess with his head.
Let's give it a try.
AMAZON: Why are you insulting me by holding back so much?
DRAGO: What?
AMAZON: I'm young and I'm tough.
And I can take anything you can dish out!
So let's have it, gramps!
Hit me with your best shot!
DAN: Drago could blow you over
with a sneeze, buddy!
AMAZON: Yeah right.
AMAZON: I understand, you're probably nervous
that you're gonna get hurt
'cos you're getting up there in years.
Maybe that's why you're holding back
the way you are, but listen...
...you gotta stop it.
AMAZON: Sensei is your former teammate!
You owe him the respect of giving his student
your 100% effort.
PREYAS: Okay. Enough Amazon! [sigh]
I'm sure Drago has his reasons.
AMAZON: [sigh]
AMAZON: As you wish, Sensei.
DRAGO: [gasp]
DAN: Remember the plan, pal.
DRAGO: Right.
We have to keep our eyes on the target
and not let some cocky kid get inside our heads.
DRAGO: Besides, maybe a good thrashing is exactly the lesson
this young punk needs.
DRAGO: Let's do this, Dan.
DAN: Okay, let's rock.
DAN: You wanted Drago's 100%?
Well here it comes!
DRAGO: You're about to get schooled, Amazon.
AMAZON: Bring it!
[energy crackles]
AMAZON: Oooh scary.
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
DRAGO: [gasp] Mechtogan Zenthon.
DAN: Hey Drago! What's wrong?
PREYAS: Why is Drago acting so strange?
DAN: Drago. Snap out of it!
Don't hold back. Let him have it!
DRAGO: Sorry. I hear you.
I can do this!
DRAGO: [grunt, exertion reax]
AMAZON: What's going on with Drago?
It looks like he's losing it.
Maybe this is my chance.
AMAZON: Aaaaaaa ...
... mmmmaaaaaa ...
... zzzzzzooooon!
DAN: Ability activate!
MAG MEL: I found you, Kuso!
DAN: [gasp]
DRAGO: Aaaaaarrrrggggghhhh!
[laser blasts]
[explosion]
DRAGO: Dan. Did you see it too?
DAN: [gasp] [angry grunt]
DRAGO: [grunt, exertion reax]
AMAZON: Aquos Bomber!
AMAZON: Haaaaaaaaaaaah!
DRAGO: [grunt, pain reax]
DAN: Drago!
DRAGO: Oooomph!
AMAZON: Get up! I'm not done with you yet!
AMAZON: Come on. Quit faking!
DAN: [groan] Drago.
DRAGO: [groan] Don't worry.
I'm good.
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaah!
DRAGO: [groan] Ooooomph!
DAN: [panting] Drago.
PREYAS: What the heck is going on with those two?
The old Drago I knew would never be taken down so easily.
Their focus is so scattered.
Something is seriously wrong here but what can I do?
DAN: You okay pal?
AMAZON: Whoa! Is he really down for the count?
PREYAS: [grunt] Come on, let's split.
AMAZON: Shouldn't we make sure they're okay?
PREYAS: They're okay.
They just need some time alone to sort some personal stuff out.
DRAGO: Preyas. [groan]
PREYAS: Don't worry, you rest.
AMAZON: Sensei, are you sure it's okay to leave them?
PREYAS: You fought well but, ah ...
Drago shouldn't have lost so easily to you. Okay?
If we stayed behind it would have embarrassed him.
PREYAS: I wish I knew what happened
that messed Drago up so badly.
I just hope he and Dan are able to sort things out.
AMAZON: Hey! I thought you'd be happy
that I won, Sensei.
PREYAS: You may have won, but you still have a lot to learn.
SHUN: Ability activate.
SHUN: Done Red, Slash Sword.
ANNOUNCER: Winner. Shun Kazami!
CROWD OF SPECTATORS: [Ooooohs and Ahhhhhhhs]
SHUN: Ability activate.
Slash Rise Thunder!
ANNOUNCER: Winner. Shun Kazami!
SHUN: Ability activate!
Shooting Wind, Dust Slash!
ANNOUNCER: Wham, bam, Kazami.
Can you believe it?
ANNOUNCER: Shun Kazami is unstoppable
as he charges up the charts, battle fans!
ANNOUNCER: With Shun taking the reigns as leader from Dan Kuso,
is it possible that the Battle Brawlers
can win the fans over again?
ANNOUNCER: Bakugan Field, open!
CROWD OF SPECTATORS: [loud cheering]
1st BOY BATTLER: Go get 'em Zipzam!
1st BOY BATTLER: Ability activate.
Gild Gear!
SHUN: Ability activate!
Truth Core, Battle Bastion!
TAYLEAN: Hmmmmph!
SHUN: Ability activate.
SHUN: Done Red, Tokagemaru!
TAYLEAN: Haaaaaah!
SHUN: Ability Activate.
SHUN: Slash, Hyper Sword Storm!
TAYLEAN: Huuuuuuaaaah!
SHUN: Ability activate.
1st BOY BATTLER: Whoa! Hold on a sec, dude.
SHUN: Shooting Storm Twister!
TAYLEAN: You're going down.
TAYLEAN: Haaaaaaaah!
Huuuuuaaaaah!
Haaaaaah!
TAYLEAN: [rising mighty roar]
TAYLEAN: Oh yeah!
ANNOUNCER: Another flawless victory for Shun!
CROWD OF SPECTATORS: [wild cheering]
SOON: Aren't you staying for the next battle Ms. Sellon?
SELLON: I've seen more than enough.
Battles aren't exciting when the combatants
aren't evenly matched.
SOON: Miss Sellon?
ANNOUNCER: Unbelievable! Shun Kazami wins again!
SELLON: You're progressing right on schedule, Shun.
MARUCHO: You're on an incredible roll, Shun!
SHUN: And I'm not stopping now.
Who wants to fight next?
MARUCHO: Whoa! Maybe you should take a break for a bit.
You don't want to burn out, Shun.
SHUN: Don't worry. I'm just fine.
MARUCHO: Yeah, but ...
SHUN: I'm the leader of the Brawlers now.
I have to get us back on top.
MARUCHO: Wait Shun, please...
SHUN: If you want to help, go find me another opponent.
MARUCHO: Well, shouldn't I have a say
with what happens with the Brawlers too?
DAN: I can't believe those visions have followed us
into the real world.
They were even stronger this time.
DRAGO: Do you think that means my powers will be
just as destructive here, if I lose control of them?
How can we be sure?
DAN: I don't know!
DAN: I don't know anything, anymore.
AMAZON: Come on. Quit faking!
DRAGO: If only I was faking.
That kid put me down really hard.
DAN: [angry grunt]
RAZENOID: [mighty roar]
MAG MEL: [evil laughter] I can't believe we found them.
MAG MEL: In New Vestroia of all places!
RAZENOID: I'm coming for you, Drago!
[maniacal laughter]
DAN: New Vestroia was supposed to be a fresh start for us.
A place where we could finally get control
over Drago's new powers.
But as soon as we got here, not only was Drago taken down
by a newbie but we also got hit by those freaky visions again.
Then to make things worse, this mysterious battler showed up
and started causing chaos.
I know it sounds weird, but I think he was some kind of
messenger from our nightmares.
I just hope Preyas doesn't get caught in the crossfire.
Things are getting way out of control.
You should tune in to see what I'm talking about.
Come on, Drago! Let's get to the bottom of things!
\u266a [MUSIC]